so I'm Jonny crunch and so I'm gonna
talk about the decentralized identifiers
we touched upon this a little bit
yesterday so I built the specification
of the D ID spec on top of IP FS which I
call IP ID this was born out of
frustration using project in D in hyper
ledger which is code donated by the
sovereign foundation to to hyper ledger
and at a hackathon I dug through the
code realizing what they're trying to
accomplish was a key value pair using
distributed hash table and I said wait a
minute this looks familiar this looks
like AI TFS and so in a weekend I hacked
something together
so self-solving digital identities came
out of the rebooting web of trust it's a
global identifiers as basically an urn
Uniform Resource name like a UID or the
namespace identifier so I built one
similar here's the one that was shown
yesterday sovereign or the method
specific identifier and the method there
being sovereign so I built one using I
called IP ID with a name specific
identifier that is the hash of the
public key that resolves to an IP NS
namespace that actually resolves to
either a JSON document stored in ipfs or
now I'm actually storing an IP LD
resource so let me give you so basically
here's the the JSON that this is what
we're working on with the diff the
decentralized entity foundation and w3c
about what's this Jason looked like what
are they actually the the structure of
the JSON how to actually like create
these attributes the how you rotate the
keys update the keys so this is still in
flux
a lot of its coming out of the w3c work
but you know basically
ipfs dag put you guys know how to do
this and then you know obviously IDF s
dag resolve and let me go here so I'm
published in this case I'm publishing it
to an IDI two five five one nine key
Thank You Jeremy for supporting that and
basically pushing the IPO I
he LD resource to that in this case the
EC indeed two five five one nine and
then I built some go code to resolve it
and so it'll go actually fetch it
actually Thank You Kyle for actually
fixing the resolution this is in case
I'm still using elliptic curve so
actually takes still a little bit longer
than in the DHT to actually to resolve
it but it should come back in this case
uh it'll come back actually with the
signed QR code any second now come on
come on Kyle don't don't fail me all
right I won't wait for it so let me go
back to the presentation so this is like
a specification through the the
decentralized identity foundation so
other examples including sovereign Varys
one you poor stacked Fabian from the
etherium core team is actually created
ERC 725 there's I P ID and there's a
couple of other who are coming along and
also we're working on something called
verifiable claims veil file claims are
basically a packets they actually of
signed code from the elliptic curves of
key signatures that basically has a
claim so in this case the sort of hello
world in healthcare is for EHRs is
vaccination registries so I built a
vaccination registry using D IDs and
verifiable claims and here is a proof of
vaccination credential who's issued by
you know signed by a particular key and
in this case the vaccination code is one
two three that's what this the CDC's
code for vaccination for flu shot and
I'm also building out like proofs so if
you want a timestamp and anchor it into
a blockchain they actually can go to a
smart contract and actually look up that
this indeed was actually signed and
actually placed into as an
anchor so the big Nick steps are
finishing this work and then creating
service endpoints so we talked a little
bit about did off and so this is
separate then resolving the D ID to a
document and in this case IP the LD
this is actually the service endpoint so
if I want to communicate with au port or
other D ID specification I need to have
a service in point to actually do do
diffie-hellman key exchange I need to
have some resource I'm using ideally Lib
p2p so this is something I haven't built
out yet and I think actually needs just
more some more work I think what a grip
would be a great thing the Segway is to
figure out the signing of the the did
the destructor of IP LD and maybe Hector
we talked a little bit about this
yesterday was that you know what do we
sign do you actually sign the byte code
do you actually sign the JSON so
actually we make sure we have a
deterministic way of solving it so I'll
take that and I'll take questions and I
really would like feedback to and this
is this totally off course I hacked this
together just because I have fret of
frustration that maybe this isn't the
best approach southla some feedback
crazy idea I I think it's just elegantly
simple solution to to this and truly
self sovereign because this is my issue
is that like Microsoft Varys or or
sovereign it's you still report rustling
some third party or some intermediary I
really have this vision that I want to
go back to the Tim berners-lee model
which is I was noting is my desk and I'm
just as valid of a note on the internet
or in this case identity as anyone else
how would you allow for retrofitting
with people who might not support the
application if you have an older world
system that's trying to integrate with
this so the way that works right now the
universal resolver is it basically hits
the the gateway so actually that's just
one protocol HTTP that actually it works
out there was just one line of code for
Marcus to implement and the resolver so
people don't need to be running a whole
like EFS node basically the UD no way of
publishing it and that's what the how to
wrap the code in a way that actually it
could be migrated towards older ways of
doing that so